Edit getting started section (#38)
potassco/benchmark-tool: docs/getting_started/bgen/runscript.md

specifies the cluster partition name. The default is `kr`. Other values include
`short` and `long`. If `short` is used, the walltime cannot exceed 24 hours.
Note that these values depend on your cluster configuration.

!!! info
    If you have many runs, `script_mode=multi` can cause issues with the
    cluster's scheduler. Use `timeout` or dispatch the generated `.dist` jobs
    using `./dispatcher.py`.

## Benchmark Sets

The benchmark element defines a group of benchmark instances grouped into
classes to be run by systems. It is identified by its `name` and can contain
any number of `folder` or `files` elements:

```xml
<benchmark name="no-pigeons">
    ...
<benchmark/>
```

### Folder Elements

A `folder` element defines a `path` to a folder containing instances, which is
searched recursively. Each sub-folder folders with instances is treated as a
benchmark class, and results are separated accordingly:

```xml
<folder path="benchmarks/clasp" enctag="tag1" group="true">
    <ignore prefix="pigeons"/>
    <encoding file="encodings/no-pigeons.lp"/>
<folder/>
```

A folder `element` can have the following optional attributes:

> - You can specify the optional `enctag` attribute to only run for settings with
> matching tags. This topic is discussed in more detail on the [encoding support]
> page.

Reviewer: `enctag` is used for encodings dependent on both setting and instance.
```suggestion
- You can specify the optional `enctag` attribute to reference encodings
with matching tags inside the setting definition. These encodings will be used
with all instances in this folder, when the corresponding setting is run.
This topic is discussed in more detail on the [encoding support] page.
```
